feat: create new rule to enforce array parameters format (#1338)
Redocly/redocly-cli: .changeset/silver-singers-glow.md

---
"@redocly/openapi-core": minor
"@redocly/cli": minor
---

> Added new rule `array-parameter-serialization` to enforce array parameters format.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Added new rule `array-parameter-serialization` to require that serialization parameters `style` and `explode` are present on array parameters.
```
